hi P din here I'm back with another
video all about the ABCs the B2B
marketing today we are covering the ins
and outs of how to kick off a 90day
challenge yes
90day how to work closely with sales to
demonstrate marketing's
impact but before I dive into the
details make sure you give this video a
like it really helps me and subscribe if
you haven't already
okay so let's get started the world is
obviously in content overload our
customers if you have noticed starting
to totally tune out and disengage and
that has a huge impact in the world of
the B2B have you noticed your prospects
are reluctant to share personal
information and some of your subscribers
actually spend concerted effort to UNS
crib from newsletters and services to
cut through the
noise and some of my clients pay ads or
the co Outreach conversion rates are
down if you are seeing some of the pays
I just mentioned just want to let you
know you are not
alone one way we can do is to combine
forces with
sales that start with that 90day
challenge I'm talking about okay it's a
sales enablement challenge a very
practical initiative designed to improve
the collaboration between B2B marketers
and the sales team by the way you can
download my ebook below that provides
fully detailed guide and helpful ideas
that you can utilize but in the meantime
what I want to share with you are three
of the main five steps that you can use
number one align with sales you're like
Pam
duh what I'm trying to say is you engage
with your key St coders understand what
their needs are and also some of their
challenges in terms of ability to close
the
deals make sure that you listened to
what they
say I know they're going to give you a
laundry list that's okay all right have
very detailed conversations with the
across all level of sales from the
inside sales to outside sales VP of
director try to get a very holistic
understanding of what the challenges
they
encounter okay the key is make sure you
listen between the lines diing to the
things that hold sales back or that
prevent them from closing the deals okay
now you have a list the next thing is to
strategize and
prioritize select impactful initiatives
with measurable outcomes that can
realistically be implemented and also be
measured within the 90day window I know
that statement just sounds like so easy
but it is hard to do so you have to
really review that list and also
consolidate because some of the list are
actually very
similar consolidate the list categorize
them and then think it through what are
some of the lwh hanging proof that
actually have a high impact and also can
be implemented within 90 days I know
that's hard but you need to take an
effort to actually look into that and
think it through focus on no more more
than two or three initiative to start
with and look into what are the things
that you can do one of examples I share
in the ebook is to offer customized
content to strategic accounts like some
of the accounts they are probably in the
process renew the contract they haven't
done that or they are in the process to
talk to a different business units
within the same company what can you do
to make sure that you close that deal
and the other one is targeted email
Outreach for winning back the dormant
accounts so what are some of the
accounts like kind of when dormant and
they are not engaging with us what can
we do to win them
back number three secure buying ensure
the sales team is on board on whatever
initiative that you choose to do make
sure that you explained the
benefits of the initiative to them they
are always thinking about what kind of
benefit they are going to get so you
have to explain your initiative in the
context of the benefit that they are
going to
receive otherwise you are not going to
get the support you need so explained it
very clearly in terms of yes if we are
doing this for you you are going to get
blah blah blah
blah that's the best way to secure the
buying steps four and five detail how to
implement and adapt your plan as well as
how to share and learn from your results
you can find these detailed steps by
downloading again the ebook
below if you see your campaign
performance taking a dive it's time to
reevaluate your plan and
tactics I often found that staying close
to sales is one of the best ways to
demonstrate marketing's contribution to
revenue
impact at the same time if the sales can
attest to how valuable marketing is to
their success guess what management
would
listen in that sense sales is marketing
special
all if you are feeling overwhelmed by
the idea of launching a 90day
challenge Reach Out get in touch with me
let's talk about it it's not that hard I
understand it's very tedious and can be
very mundane is my job to actually help
you I have supported direct and indirect
sales indirect sales mean Channel
partners and the Distributors for a long
period of time I know how to make the
sales enablement challenge worked if you
need any help I love to chat reach out
any time take care bye